


https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0736585318306324 



1.  They find that blockchain technology can reduce
transaction costs, expand transaction scope, and
empower peer-to-peer transactions, which can
create a new paradigm for decentralized business
models.
(Chen and Bellavitis, Nov 8th 2019
"The blockchain oracle problem in decentralized fnance -
 a multivocal approach")

2.  The author show that DeFi has distinct properties
in terms of efciency, transparency, accessibility,
and composability. Therefore, DeFi can potentially 
contribute to a more robust and transparent 
fnancial infrastructure.  
(Schär, Fabian. 2021.
“Decentralized Finance: On Blockchain- and Smart 
Contract-Based Financial Markets.”)

3.  They suggest that DeFi can erode the accountability
and efectiveness of traditional fnancial regulation and
enforcement. They further emphasize
that DeFi requires regulation in order to achieve
its core objective of decentralization.
(Zetzsche et al.,2017
"Decentralized fnance")

4.  The author argued that regulators should introduce
formal registration obligations for cryptocurrency
intermediaries. Such action will balance
the potential benefts of trading intermediaries
with regulatory goals of protecting investors from
fraud, theft, misconduct and manipulation.
(Kristin 
N. Johnson, "Decentralized Finance: Regulating
Cryptocurrency Exchanges", 62 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 1911
(2021))

5.  They show that DeFi has become an important
investment tool that investors cannot ignore, and
that the complexity of DeFi protocols and DeFi
coins has created a huge challenge not only for
newcomers but also for seasoned crypto traders.
(Kiong,2020
,"DeFi handbook: a comprehensive guide to decentralized fnance")

6.  The author fnd that DeFi can be integrated into
Fintech products, and that large audit frms can
help clients to interface with the DeFi ecosystem.
Also, traditional fnancial institutions can ofer
DeFi-enabled savings and pension accounts.
(K N Johnson,2021
" Decentralized finance: regulating cryptocurrency exchanges" )

7.  The authors state that while the DeFi architecture
has the potential to reduce transaction costs,
similar to the traditional fnancial system, there
are several layers where rents can accumulate due
to endogenous constraints to competition. They
show that the permissionless and pseudonymous
design of DeFi generates challenges for enforcing
tax compliance,anti-money laundering laws, and
preventing fnancial malfeasance.
(Makarov and Schoar,2021
"Cryptocurrencies and decentralized fnance (DeFi)")

8.  DeFi does not eliminate fnancial intermediation;
rather, DeFi enables fnancial intermediation to be
performed in new ways(Grassi et al.,2022
"Do we still need fnancial intermediation? The case of decentralized
fnance–DeFi.")

9.  The beneft of DeFi to African countries include
increased liquidity for SMEs, new opportunities
to raise additional capital, it will encourage
peerto-peer trade between individuals and corporations
under the African continental free trade(Ozili,2022
"Decentralized fnance and cryptocurrency activity in Africa.")

10.  They conclude that blockchain ofers a better 
alternative to the current traditional and centralized
fnancial system due to the cost saving advantages
and the elimination of intermediaries.(Kumar et al.,2020
"Decentralising fnance using decentralised blockchain oracles")

11.  The author defned DeFi as the provision of
fnancial services in a decentralized environment
enabled by blockchain technology. The author
further explained that DeFi puts the data of all
fnancial transactions in the hands of users and
it is solely up to users to decide how deeply they
process data in a blockchain environment(T Katona, 2021
"Decentralized fnance: the possibilities of a blockchain “money lego”")

12.  Te author concludes that the greatest beneft of
DeFi is greater access to credit, and such access
to credit may increase fnancial stability risks.(Salami,2020
"Decentralised fnance: the case for a holistic approach to regulating the
crypto industry")






--Transaction cost theory (Williamson, 1979) maintains that the optimal organizational
 structure is the one that achieves economic efficiency by minimizing the cost of 
transactions, which include coordination costs and the cost of controlling and 
managing the transactions and monitoring information.
--By engaging in producing and spreading information, brokering, monitoring, providing 
liquidity, pooling savings, risk management and other operations, financial 
intermediation was able to reduce transaction costs and information asymmetry (Merton, 1995).
--




